Feature/2963/realese suspicious metrics feature as stable (#3197)
MaibornWolff/codecharta: gh-pages/_docs/06-05-suspicious-metrics.md

---

permalink: /docs/suspicious-metrics/
title: "Suspicious metrics"

> This feature compares the values of different metrics with metric values of 241 Open Source Java projects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This feature compares the values of certain metrics from the loaded cc.json file with metric values of several Open Source Java projects.
```

Reviewer 2: I would like to refer to the 241 benchmark projects
"This feature compares the values of certain metrics from the loaded cc.json file with metric values of 241Open Source Java projects."

Based on this data suspicious and inconspicuous metrics are identified and corresponding suggestions can be clicked to view them.

Be aware that metrics for other programming languages might not be comparable to Java Reference metric values.

> To activate this function it is necessary to open the global configuration menu and activate the experimental features,

Reviewer: Since this documentation is for the stable release, I think the paragraph about how to enable experimental features can be removed.

Reviewer 2: We can already delete this and assume it is stable already.

after that the Suspicious button will appear in the main menu. Pressing this button will open the suspicious metrics panel.
Here are listed the suspicious metrics, you can change the map view with the suspicious metrics buttons, you can also see

> highlighted on the map the files with a high risk factor (if any).

Reviewer: Maybe try rewording the last sentence. Something like "Listed you will find the suspicious metrics, clicking one of them highlights high-risk files directly on the map."

permalink: /docs/suspicious-metrics/
title: "Suspicious metrics"

> This feature compares the values of certain metrics from the loaded cc.json file with metric values of 241Open Source Java projects.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This feature compares the values of certain metrics from the loaded cc.json file with metric values of 241 Open Source Java projects.
```
